Welcome to the capstone project!
Over the past few months, we have covered a lot of new concepts and topics. Now, this project will bring together everything that you have learnt in this program.

In this project, you will develop a Food Ordering Web Application. You will work on both the Frontend and Backend of the Application.

IMPORTANT NOTE:- This is not a group project. You have to build this project individually.
Tools & Languages
React JS, Node JS, Express JS, MongoDB, Git, Swagger
Feature/Functionality List
Landing Page
Authentication System for both Customer and Restaurant (Login, Signup).
Restaurant Register/Signup
Restaurant Name
Address of Restaurant
Opening & Closing Time
Customer Register/Signup
Name
Email
Mobile Number
Password
List of All Restaurants
Restaurant Login
Restaurant Admin can perform the following operations for the food items:
Add food items
Item name, quantity, price, description, picture/placeholder for the item.
Update food Items
Item name, quantity, price, description, picture/placeholder for the item.
Delete food items
Change the Availability/Stock of food.
Accept the Order




Customer Login
See full Food items list.
Select Food item, quantity and add to cart.
Checkout
Confirm and Place Order.
Past Orders
Make a proper Database Schema design.

Evaluation Metrics
The evaluation will be done on the following basis:
Each Feature/Functionality Implementation and Working
UI Design (Responsiveness and User Experience)
Proper Folder/File Structure
Proper Formatting of Code including comments.
Documentation for the project
Git/GitHub Commits (Evaluation will be done on the Frequency of commits with proper commit message on GitHub.
Hosted Project would be a plus point.
Efficiency of the Database Schema
Submission Guidelines
The following guidelines should be followed:
At all times, you need to ensure that your web application is configured properly
Complete Code should be committed/uploaded on GitHub with proper folder/file structuring. You are required to upload the solution to the Capstone Project Folder in your FullStack Repository.
Add a readme file containing the whole installation process, and how to run the project.
Create a pdf file which is a document containing screenshots of the application.
Add gif/video of the working project as a demo.
If a project can be hosted on some free platforms like Heroku, Vercel, Firebase Hosting, etc, It would be a plus point.

Final Submission
Last Date to submit your Capstone Project - 15th April 2023 11:59 PM.
For submissions received beyond the deadline, you will be given a score of 0.

Your Solution must contain the following
Solution Code
A pdf file which is a document containing screenshots of the application.
A pdf file which is a document containing a database schema.
A pdf file which is a document where you explain how you approached the problem statement.             
